Dear Dojo Family,

     It has been an interesting year to say the least!  We never thought having to close the dojo in Franklin Square for two weeks for an oil leak would lead us to new location!

     After almost 7 years on Dogwood Avenue it was a difficult decision for us to leave such a beautiful place, but our landlord left us no alternatives.  What made it even worse is we had to demolish the old dojo while we were building the current dojo in West Hempstead.  Through the help of many of you and some talented friends we got it all done in 2 weeks.  We were only closed for one week!  Pretty amazing to say the least!

     Sensei and I feel truly blessed to have such a great extended family.  People volunteered to do demolition, transport equipment, paint and spackle, sweep up and assist in the construction of the new dojo.  It was great to see all the families come support the Grand Opening and chatting and laughing with each other.  We have a tight knit community, with some really high quality people in it.  We know this is what has kept us open for 7 years.  You should feel really proud of your dojo and the people that are in it.  A dojo is more than just the training hall; it is people collectively working toward common goals that make it a success. Trust me when I say, most dojos do not have this kind of camaraderie. We are proud of all of our students and their families for bringing such honorable and upstanding values into our dojo.  It really makes our jobs as instructors worthwhile!

     As we promised when we announced our move back in August, we will be keeping the same pricing structure for 2103 as we had in 2012!  We are also adding the striking and conditioning class into the mix for advanced students and adults.  We know some people were concerned with the cost of sparring equipment.  Trust us, you will need it! We just spent over $1000 on training equipment that should be arriving next week.  This is just our way of saying thank you for all of your support.  We want your training experience at the Popkin-Brogna Jujitsu Center to be challenging, fun and rewarding!  Who knows, we may open up a striking and conditioning class for the parents.

     We look forward to 2013 with great excitement, and would like to wish you and your families a very Happy and healthy New Year.

Sincerely,

Sensei Brogna and Sensei Popkin
